>> Will Sentance: I think this is
the scope of nice moment to see
the increasingly more standard
way of doing this nowadays.
That uses this feature of a new
way of defining or declaring or
saving functions in JavaScript
that we saw yesterday.
Which was our arrow function style.
Cuz our arrow function style,
of declaring or
saving functions,
>> Will Sentance: Automatically,
I'm gonna tell you right now,
is lexically scoped.
That means where we save the function or,
let me set that clear on that, no, sorry.
Is, it's this assignment
is lexically scoped.
That is to say, when we save the function,
when we execute it,
what this is set to is determined
by where the function was saved.
So if it was saved where this is user 1,
when we end up running it,
this inside will be this value from where
the function was saved, which is User1.
So let's just see that example here.
We've defined in now with an arrow
function, let's make this slight change.
Let's quickly execute it together,
one more time, make sure we've got it.
Let's quickly execute it one more time,
so we're executing here.
These are little intricacies here, but
little fun bonus bits I wanted
to include for you all.
So we're running user1.increment.
It runs the increment method
from function store via user1.
I said you go through that quickly.
Dan, user1.increment, user1 is in?
>> Speaker 2: Global memory.
>> Will Sentance: Global memory, we look
for the increment method, is it there?
>> Speaker 2: Nope, so
we go to the proto, and
let me find it in the user
function should store object.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic, we grab
its code, and we thought executing it.
And the first thing and
local memory Dan is?
>> Speaker 2: Constant at 1, this.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah,
as a parameter, no problem, which is?
>> Speaker 2: User1.
>> Will Sentance: Which is what
we hope because that's what
we're running this function
owns that we hope it's
going to affect this.
We always wanna have our functionality and
our data.
Able to use the functionality
directly on the data right there and
then that's the kind of
the whole goal of this.
So don't forget that as we go
into these intricacies and
don't forget that overall goal.
This is what a fantastic looking good.
Let's declare that function Dan.
>> Speaker 2: add1 and.
>> Will Sentance: In the arrow
function style, but it's no different.
There it is.
And we immediately do what with it, Dan?
>> Speaker 2: We call it, e execute it.
>> Will Sentance: We call it,
e execute it.
Brand new what, Dan?
>> Speaker 2: Execution kinda.
>> Will Sentance: Execution beautiful,
and in it's local memory.
Because it's an arrow function.
Let me put like a, I don't know, it's not really necessary,
it's in our function.
It's this assignment inside the local
memory, will it be global because note,
our one simple rule is any function
that's being run to the right hand side
of the dot whatever the left hand side
that's going to be the list assignment.
But when there's no dot here,
it defaults the global to the window.
Unless that function was
defined as an arrow function,
in which case Dan our this
assignment will be what?
>> Speaker 2: User1 still.
>> Will Sentance: User one, exactly what
was this assignment around the definition
of that 1 is lexically scoped.
It staticly the scope, this assignment.
It's a statically or lexically this
assignment, that is to say it's from
the moment of definition that
we set our this to User1.
Therefore, our line of
code this.score plus plus,
is going to evaluate to what Todd, now?
>> Speaker 2: User1.score++.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic,
user1.score++.
You gotta go a few levels out.
1, 2, 3, there's our score property.
It would increment to four but,
let's increment it to,
>> Will Sentance: 5, fantastic people.
This now I think is a nice way
of solving this problem for
writing this clean code here.
All right people, let's have to
start with thumbs here at this point
on any of those bonus pieces anyone want
to add any thumbs, yeah, go ahead Peter.
>> Speaker 2: Would
declaring the increment
property as an arrow
function as well help us?
>> Will Sentance: Would it though?
Because if we did so,
when we ran that increment.
So Peter's question there is what if we
say an increment as an arrow function?
If we ran it, would it's this assignment
be determined by where it's being run
to the right hand side of the dot or by
where it was stored, which was in global?
By where it was stored, and therefore
the whole thing would fall apart.
And now this will not be User1.
So we don't want to use arrow
functions for our include for
our methods on objects.
But for the functions inside of them
that we want to have point there this to
the method in which they were defined,
perfect.